# Legal Disclaimer

<p className="text-sm pb-4 opacity-80 italic">
  Last updated on August 10, 2023
</p>

Please read this disclaimer carefully before using https://aerodrome.finance
(hereinafter referred to as the "Website", and the services offered therein as
"Our Services").

The terms of use of the Website contained herein (the "Terms of Use") are
entered into by and between the Website user ("You") and Aerodrome
Foundation (hereinafter referred to as the "Foundation" or "We/Our/Us").

By using the Website and clicking past this legal disclaimer page, you confirm
that you accept this legal disclaimer, the Terms of Use and agree to comply. If
you do not agree, you must not use the Website.

You further represent and warrant that you:

- (a) are of legal age to form a binding contract;
- (b) have not been previously suspended or removed from using Our Services;
  and
- (c) have full power and authority to enter into this agreement with Foundation,
  and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are a
  party.

If you are registering to use Our Services on behalf of a legal entity, you
further represent and warrant that:

- (a) such legal entity is duly organized and validly existing under the
  applicable laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, and
- (b) you are duly authorized by such legal entity to act on its behalf.

## Information published is not advice

The information provided on the Website is for informational purposes and does
not constitute investment advice, financial legal, regulatory, accounting, tax
or similar advice, and You should not treat any of the Website's content as
such.

Further, nothing on this Website should be construed as a recommendation, by
Us, Our affiliates, or any third party, to acquire or dispose of any
investment, or to engage in any investment strategy or transaction. You should
consult Your own investment, legal, tax and/or similar professionals regarding
Your specific situation and any specific decisions.

Our team provides the Website
as a service to the public, and is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims
all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or
reliance on any information contained within the Website. While the information
contained within the Website is periodically updated, no guarantee is given
that the information provided in the Website is correct, complete, and
up-to-date.

## Usage restrictions

By accessing or using the Website or Our Services, you hereby confirm and agree that:

- (a) you are not currently residing in Afghanistan, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Burundi, Central African Republic, China, Democratic Republic of Congo, Cuba, Ethiopia, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Lebanon, Libya, Mali, Moldova, Montenegro, Myanmar, Nicaragua, Niger, Russia, Serbia, Somalia, South Sudan, Sudan, Syria, Tunisia, Turkey, Ukraine, Venezuela, Yemen, Zimbabwe, or any other specifically designated OFAC sanctions listed jurisdiction; and
- (b) your access to and use of the Website and Our Services is lawful in your country of residence in the way you access and use them.

## Usage risks

The Website will not be responsible for any losses, damages, or claims arising
from events falling within the scope of events like, but not limited to:
mistakes made by the user (e.g., payments sent to wrong addresses), software
problems of the Website or any related software or service (e.g., malware
or unsafe cryptographic libraries), technical failures (e.g., hardware wallets
malfunction), security problems experienced by the user (e.g., unauthorized
access to wallets), actions or inactions of third parties (e.g., bankruptcy of
service providers, information security attacks on service providers, and fraud
conducted by third parties).

To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked
to provide an Ethereum wallet address "Wallet". Our Website does not collect,
nor store this information.

## Investment risks

The investment in cryptocurrencies involves a high degree of risk and can lead
to loss of money and prices having large range fluctuations. The information
published on the Website cannot and does not guarantee that amounts invested
will not be lost.

You are responsible for understanding all risks, doing Your own
due diligence, and making Your own decision on how to interface with the
Website.

## Compliance with tax obligations

The users of the Website are solely responsible to determinate what, if any,
taxes apply to their cryptocurrency holdings. The owners of, or contributors
to, the Website are NOT responsible for determining the taxes that apply to
user transactions.

## No warranties

The Website is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind,
either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, or that
availability, accessibility, or use of the Website and/or any content, data,
materials or services provided hereon will be uninterrupted or error-free.

Website functionality is not guaranteed and could be disabled fully or in
part without prior notice.

## Security

Security audits don't eliminate risks completely. The Website is not guaranteed
to be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

## Limitation of liability

To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, in no event shall the owners
of, or contributors to, the Website be liable for any damages of any kind,
including, but not limited to, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, or
consequential damages of any kind, including damages for loss of use, loss of
profits, business interruption, loss of goodwill, or loss of data arising out
of or in any way connected with the use of the Website.

## Arbitration

Except for disputes related to copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names,
trade secrets or patents, any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of,
relating to, or in connection with Your use of the Website or Our Services, or
in connection with these Terms of Use, including disputes arising from or
concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or
termination, shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration by the Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services (JAMS) pursuant to its Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The tribunal shall have the power to rule on
any challenge to its own jurisdiction or to the validity or enforceability of
any portion of the agreement to arbitrate.

**The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual basis, and that these
Terms of Use do not permit class arbitration or any claims brought as a
plaintiff or class member in any class or representative arbitration
proceeding.**

The arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than one personâ€™s claims and may
not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. In
the event the prohibition on class arbitration is deemed invalid or
unenforceable, then the remaining portions of this agreement to arbitrate will
remain in force.

## Changes

We may revise and update the Terms of Use in this Legal Disclaimer from time to
time in Our sole discretion and without notice. All changes are effective
immediately when We post them and apply to all access to and use of the Website
thereafter. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised
Terms of Use means that You accept and agree to the changes. You are expected
to check this page from time to time so You are aware of any changes, as they
are binding on You.

## Third-Party Services and Content

In using this Website, You may view content or utilize services provided by
third parties ("Third Parties"), including links to Web pages and services of
such parties ("Third-Party Content"). We do not control, endorse, or adopt any
Third-Party Content and will have no responsibility for Third-Party Content,
including, without limitation, material that may be misleading, incomplete,
erroneous, offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable in Your jurisdiction.
Your business dealings and/or correspondence with such Third Parties is a
matter solely between You and the Third Parties. We are not liable or
responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of such
dealings and You understand that Your use of Third-Party Content, and Your
interactions with Third Parties, is at your own risk.

We may employ third party companies to facilitate the Wallet integration with
Our Services:

- For WalletConnect, please consult <a href="https://walletconnect.com/privacy" className="underline">their privacy policy</a>
- For Coinbase Wallet, please consult <a href="https://www.coinbase.com/legal/" className="underline">their legal agreements</a>
- For (Gnosis) Safe, please consult <a href="https://safe.global/privacy" className="underline">their privacy policy</a>

## Intellectual Property Rights

The Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but
not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and
audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by the
Foundation and its licensors and affiliates, and are protected by United States
and international copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent, trade secret, and
other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

The Foundation name and all related names, logos, product and service names,
designs, and slogans are trademarks of the Foundation or its licensors or
affiliates. Moreover, all intellectual property rights associated with Third
Parties and Third-Party Content referenced on or offered through the Website
are owned by the respective entities offering such services.

You agree not to use any Foundation or Third Party intellectual property
without prior written permission from Foundation or such Third Party. You are
herein granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to post excerpts
from or create a hyperlink to the Website, provided that full and clear credit
is given to Us with appropriate and specific direction to the original content,
and provided such hyperlink is not related to any portrayal of the Foundation
or the Website in any false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive
manner.
